# Halloween in Church

It's Halloween season and the decorations are everywhere, as you can imagine.
I've noticed, however, that churches seem to be ignoring this holiday. Which is
a shame, they could have totally reused their Easter decorations for this one.
Put up Jesus, on the cross, in all gory details, with a crown of thorns and
with blood dripping from the nails -- and you have a perfect Halloween
decoration.

In fact, take pretty much any of the Michelangelo paintings, cut it in half and
the bottom half would be a great Halloween decoration. The Pope and the Clerics
don't even need to change anything: they are already perfectly well dressed up
for Halloween.

---------

# Slow Children

I've seen a sign on my way to work that says "slow children at play" and I
thought: are those children really that slow that you need a special sign?
Also, is the concern that they are so slow that they won't be able to run away
from the car in time or is the concern that they won't understand that the car
is coming? I guess, what I'm asking is: is this a mental or a physical thing?

---------

I've gone past the detailing shop the other day and saw Tesla Cybertruck
getting waxed. I thought: "Huh, you *can* polish a turd after all!".

--------

I hear that, thanks to AI, in two years nobody will be writing code anymore. I
guess it's time to plan for a career change for me. I think I'm going to go for
"flying car driver".

-----------

Goodreads keeps recommending me a new book on AI called "Genesis". It's by
Henry A. Kissinger, Craig Mundie and Eric Schmidt. I'm wondering if any of them
have actually read it.

-----------

When I was driving in Livermore the other day, I've noticed that I was crossing
many streets named after different types of alcohol drinks: Sherry, Tokay,
Riesling. The interesting part is that the street that I was driving on
was called "College".  So, there is literally an intersection of College
and alls sorts of booze in Livermore.

-------------

If you want to get a good recommendation for a restaurant or an interesting
place to visit, you can't ask people who live there. You need to ask somebody
who *visited*. People who live there never have a clue. Like, what is the best
places to visit in Sunnyvale? I don't really know, Palo Alto, maybe?
